•	How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
I can ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure by relying on unit testing, code reviews and having iterative testing cycles during the development cycle. When you create test cases early it will help to verify every component is functioning as intended. Junit testing  allows me to validate my code after any changes. I also follow secure coding standards and validating all input data to minimize vulnerabilities by keeping dependencies up to date. I also use tools such as OWASP dependency check. Using secure codes will help to prevent injection attacks and data exposure.

•	How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
To interpret user needs you would first need to understand what the user needs, by analyzing the requirements and use cases. Examining user stories and business requirement into functional specifications that one can test. Like in contact Service, I focused not having  duplicate contacts, filed limits and handling null inputs. These were the requirements of the customers and to which we used Junit test to confirm the software behaved as intended.

•	How do I approach designing software?
Designing software begins with a plan, clarity, and modularization. I would start by identifying what I am trying to solve. Then from there the classes and their responsibilities and how they will interact. I would use object-oriented design principles like encapsulation,  and single responsibility. Creating a code that is simple to test, maintain, and extend. I would not go for a complicated design, you need to plan for expansion and testing. Which will make for a cleaner and more reliable design, that will be functional and non-functional, meeting the customers requirements.
